Youtube Shorts Automation
Requirements
How the app should work:
User double click to install the ShortsAutomation.exe file 
User will fetch the necessary API keys like Google Gemini 1.5 Flash, Google Cloud TTS, Pexels API or Pixabay API (depends on which is good for our usage), Youtube Data API v3. All this should be provided by the user.
After this, user gets to select the genre of the channel, we will show him 10 different genre, and a custom genre. The genre will be like AI Stories, Scary stories, Reddit stories, etc. Each will have 15+ scripts and deep understanding about that specific genre. If the user picks any template, we will ask the user to customize in that idea(I don’t understand what is customizable part, but the basic idea is for it to not be generic) once the user enters what they are looking for in the form of a prompt. We on spot generate 3 scripts of different styles using the 15+ scripts and the deep understanding about that genre. Those 3 scripts should be built in such a way that all the 3 scripts will have a main reason that is to understand what the user really likes. It should be created in such a way that when the user selects one of the three scripts, we should understand what the user likes and what content he would like to see or understand that if that user is happy with this content. That 3 scripts should have a reason for it to be distinct from one another. 
Once that 3 Scripts generated with all the parameter and context for that video. We ask the user to wait and keep the app running for few moments where we generate 3 videos from our generate video module. We will ask the user to pick 1 or 2 video from that 3 videos. This is to understand what the user really likes. Once we understand what user likes, we will store this data(information on what this user likes). 
If the user picks custom genre then we will ask the genre what they like and try out best to understand what the genre that they are looking for and ask them relevant question to understand everything about their genre. After that using the context of master genre context, which is basically learning of what makes a video viral with the context we provide. It uses that context to generate 3 scripts and the same happens of this like how we did for when the user picks a genre. Once the user is happy with atleast one of the three videos. This information is stored.
After this we move to a section which is like the dashboard (This is what user will see when they open their app in regular use. We will have the number of videos uploaded and the status of the api keys and generate video section in the dashboard.
The user gets to enter the number of videos that should be generate(max 4 per day due to upload quota of youtube api). By default the number to generate a video will be 1. 
When the user clicks generate video. The idea generation module is selected which generates an idea with the metadata of the video content(Like recipe on what the video will look like and what are the things that will be used in the video(Images/Sfx/Music/Background gameplay/words that should be emphasised/etc). 
All of that is created in the idea generation module, after that we move to image generation module. We are using the Pexels API or Pixabay API to not really generate images from scratch but to fetch images that is really needed for the video with that context. The decision on what images will be searched in Pexels API will be given by the Idea generation module itself. Our goal is to download the best image possible for the video smartly. This image is stored locally with its use case metadata, this is for if the image might be used in future then why to download it again in the future.
Once we have the Images, we fetch the sfx and music from the website like Pixabay or similar. We get required sfx and music and store its metadata in the storage for future use. 
After this, We pass all the data like the script, the caption emphasis data, the images usage data, with the location of the images and sfx and music and background video. And our generate video module will use all this data to generate the video with all the data it has. Once the video is rendered. If the user have selected show the video before upload(preview video) then we show the video and we will keep a one time change on the video(basically a prompt on that one thing you want to change in the video. 
The user enters the prompt less than 50 words or something. And we understand the user demands. If that demands are do able(as in less changes are there) Then we do that changes and re render the video. And show the video to that user.
Once the user hits upload button. We upload the video to youtube with the the upload data with are tags, description, tags and anything else that is need for the video during the upload, all of this upload data is generate at the time of idea generation itself. 
Even the uploads are done smartly. Basically we will have a section on how frequently does the user wants to upload the video. We will make sure that the video generated follows that gap with the previous uploaded video. This will make it look like consistency and regular upload of video.
We will also have a section in the app where users can update their api key 
Alright this is for the initial upload, when the user tries to generate a video the next time, lets say after 3 days or something, it will fetch the previously uploaded videos analatical data, and try to understand and analys the data and try to make that one change to improve the video, This decision is by the ai itself where it will make down what change it did and how did it improve the video, if positively try it for few more times to understand that the positive result came because of that smart decision. And if the video didn’t perform better than discard that smart decision. Whenever this smart decision is recommended, prompt the user about the change and take their opinion on the change if they would like to give. Basically this is like a feedback loop for the ideation module. 

The above description is the kinda sums up the function in the app. It could have more appropriate feature if it wants but this is all that I have in my mind 
About the genre template. I will have around 10 to 15 genres and each genres will have like 15+ scripts related to the genre with common strategies and thing what is driving that content these days with proper context and everything, with what type of sfx, music and captions are used. What is the speed of the narration and stuff like that. Basically this is the data that is purely from our refresh.
I want this to work on free tier of all the api that I mentioned. The user can bring in the premium version api keys of the giving module. But that is on their own risk. But it should be working fine with the free tier stuff. 
The Idea generation module should use the genre context, the user customised context, feedback context and if decision made, then decision made context.
The image generation module should understand what the idea generation module needs for that video and fetchs the images which match the context of the idea/script. And download and store its metadata, like why was this downloaded. 
Same goes with the sfx and music generation module. Get the best matching sfx and music for the video and store it for future use while maintaining the context of that sfx or music like how we did for images.
Video generation module is basically like an engine, it takes all the information like ingredients and uses it to make a dish(a video). The video generation will have Audio narration from google cloud tts and use whisper to get the timings of the words said and later map that to segments and map their timings for captions were we use .ass file for the caption and use the emphasis data to emphasis a word and there will be audio_post.py where it stiches in the narration audio, sfx, music all together with smart ducking and stuff. After that everything is rendered, the images are displaced at when a word is appeared or a segment is appeared or both. And that .ass file is burned into the video and the audio is also burning into the video. And finally rendered. 
The youtube uploader will also have the feature to check the previously uploaded video duration which will be stored locally on its log, like lets say I upload per day 1 shorts, I uploaded like 5 hours ago, if I render another video it will make sure it will upload and schedule the video for 24-5 = 19 hours later. And if there is another video rendered then 19+24 hours later.
And coming to the taking feedback critic. We should make sure that we will collect the perform of the video after a certain time. Lets say I generate batch 3, 1 video is uploaded and when the next video is being generated, it is not fair to see the previously uploaded video’s analytics to make decision as a video needs time to get views. So the video should only be available for being judged only after the content saturated(means it is not getting any views) if not saturation, atleast after few days. 
And also there should be no way this system should break or go out of control. It should be smart and disciplined. It shouldn’t create a mess. Because users might be bad at prompting, and their bad prompt shouldn’t spoil the app or the program. 
   

 